Feature/apollo manifest docs (#22)
Silkey-Team/silkey-sdk: README.md

    - Login with metamask
    - Click on Register Domain and enter domain of your application
    - Click "Connect Existing Wallet" to use the metamask account

>     - Generate a manifest that is an example authentication call and serve it at [your domain]/silkey.json

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Generate a manifest. It will be used mainly to detect if website supports Silkey and as default way to get authentication parameters for call.
    - Serve manifest at `https://[your domain]/silkey.json`
```
